hello hello hello my fellow game
warriors my name is the game warrior and
you are watching call of duty top plays
of the week episode 3 be sure to stay
tuned for submission information at the
end of the film number five was
submitted to me by visa real turning a
fail sniper shot into an epic win with
the throwing knife number four was
submitted to me by Shi'ite st showing us
some in-game cat-like reflexes oh how do
you jump on that knife oh my god he's
like oh hey there get it anything look
at Kat man
I teach over at night oh fuck oh my god
number three was submitted to me by Phi
key for the win showing us what his
reflexes and a little extra sensitivity
can do
number two was submitted to me by
tornados 33 I am a big fan of the
throwing knife and this is one of the
best model for three clips with it I
have seen so far do you weigh me online
and number one was submitted to me by
mr. Delhi rage who takes out his sniper
and kills nine enemies in under 10
seconds
so once more thank you for viewing this
video my name is the game warrior feel
free to click the annotations on your
screen to view more top plays of the
week or commentaries for call of duty
made by me right here is submission
information guys follow it to send in
your clips to make the top plays and
most importantly thank you all for
watching comment rate subscribe and have
a good day